Oops you big liar
He also said that he would be back in two days. Today is the third day.
I'm watching a movie, why are you on your way?
Come, come, come with me to the store to register, everyone
You're worried about me?
Then what?
Abang and I are in a hurry to go abroad to report our disappearance
Sorry, there was a landslide on the way back.
The car can't pass
landslide
You walked back a few hundred kilometers
Forget it, this is what I saw on the way back
I think you should like it.
But they're all old. I like them.
I like it too
Why is that?
This is
Xu Ling, haven't you learned your lesson yet?
Don't show it
That's not right.
Rainforest, where did you get so much money?
You robbed a bank?
My parents left me some savings when they were alive
a little
You call that a little bit?
No wonder Xu Linan felt guilty about Jiang Lili
Jiang Lili's father gave an indicator of returning to the city
It's just making him half of the country
Jiang Lili, you deserve this blessing
Jiang Lili, what about Xiaofan, Xu Lian?
I am you.
If I knew you were so rich, I wouldn't work hard
You get up first
Sorry, I thought I had enough money before
But after that happened
I think I still have to leave you some money to release
Hmm, you understand a lot
Then what are you doing? Is the Double 11 pre-sale still going on?
Of course you have to
We have money now
Not only do you have to do it, you have to do it big
I decided to start a fragrance costume show
Let our brand become a hit